Q:	What are proxy chains?
A:	They allow rerouting the network traffic through multiple Internet nodes(proxy). Is slow - efficient for small data transfers.

Q:	What is a valid countermeasure to limit injection attacks?
A:	Validate the input on the server side;
	//Separate data from queries;
	//Use an API to work with your database;
	//Don't concatenate queries.

Q:	What are the countermeasures against Broken Authentication?
A:	Multi-factor authentication;
	Password complexity - do not use default credentials;
	Password checking from the most used passwords;
	Limit the number of failed login attempts.
	
Q: 	What operating system is similar to KALI linux ?
A: 	BackBox

Q: 	What is used for preserving anonimity?
A: 	ProxyChains - used to change the IP of the attacker

Q: 	What is WhatWeb?
A:	It can identify all sorts of information about a live website, including:
		//Platform
		//CMS platform
		//Type of script
		//Google Analytics
		//Web server Platform
		//IP address, Country

Q: 	WHat is nmap?
A: 	It's a port scanner, used to audit the security of each open port on the target and for discovering information about machines on a network or the internet

Q: 	What is DirBuster / Dirb - Directory buster ?
A: 	Dirb is used to find the hidden directories of a website.It's used to look for vulnerable content

Q: 	What is a similar tool to OWASP-ZAP?
A:	OWASP-ZAP is similar with BurpSuite

Q:	What are the two primary forms of password guessing? )Asta posibil sa fi fost gresit formulata din ce imi amintesc)
	 A.  Password Replay 	
	 B.  Password Repeat 	
	 C.  Dictionary attack
A:  Dictionary attack, Brute force attack, rainbow table attack, guessing , spidering
 
Q: 	What are the primary characteristics regarding password strength?
A: 	Length , Complexity , Unpredactibility

Q: 	What techniques are DDoS attacks using against targets?
A: 	Amplify and reflect techniques
	- exploits protocols vulnerabilities
	- tricks legit clients to connect in the same time to the DoS target
	
Q: Some question regarding differences between OWASP Top 10 2013-2017